Isn’t this smart? Why are you here?
Help me prepare something. elder sister,
I just saw my brother-in-law coming here.
You go first, I still have things to deal with.
Until I need you back. Smart,
You are here. Come and sit. no.
Ling Dong, I have a few relatives and friends here today,
Let me introduce it to you. Isn’t this what we study?
Smart. old flower,
How did you find this area?
Do you know each other? There are two of us,
It's the spiritual world. dad,
Junior high school education, and how to dress,
He wanted me to be a boy some time ago
Right? Ban Zhang
No wonder he looks so poor
Lin Dou, are you really in Ban Zhang?
And you have children
People, Lin Dou who just left the base
We are actually doing such exciting work now
I did tell you about this
I thought he didn't even finish high school and lost his eight fortunes.
Let's go before the game.
Today, can Zhang Shaoyao get up and attend the organizational meeting?
But they are all well-known people.
A bunch of ghosts like you
What qualifications do you have to be with me?